She takes care of the chickens though.
Um,
yeah,
sometimes you know,
um,
we have a guide that we hired to take care of the chicken sometimes like,
especially when we're not there.
Yeah.
He'll,
he'll handle certain things like you have to,
chickens are a little bit of effort.
You know,
you've got to clean up the cage.
You've got to collect the eggs every day.
We had some squirrels stealing eggs.
We had a real issue with that.
I've got a squirrel that I have to hose out of our chicken coop.
Yeah.
Well Marshall took care of that.
Marshall,
the Fox squirrels.
Dude Marshall is the sweetest dog of all time and less your squirrel then.
He's the devil.
I mean,
I never seen a dog so term and to kill a squirrel.
It's crazy.
He goes out now and he looks for them.
He runs to the chicken coop and then he circles the chicken coop.
Look and see where these motherfuckers are getting there and see if anybody's
around there,
see if anybody slipping.
But,
uh,
I was on the road,
my wife sent me a picture of Marshall with a squirrel in his mouth.
And she's so happy because she doesn't like squirrels cause the squirrels are
fucking up all the,
they steal all the chicken food.
I like,
I like squirrels.
I think they're cute.
So like for me,
I'm like,
so what?
They steal the chicken food,
get,
make more chicken food.
But then they start stealing the eggs.
And I was like,
Oh,
you push up and he can't steal my food.
That's my food.
You can't steal the eggs.
Let me find this fun.
Our chickens are family members.
Yeah,
they are right.
Yeah.
I came home when it was like,
you remember it was like 120 and all the trees were dying.
Yeah.
And uh,
I walked in and Leanne had the chickens in the house.
She's like,
they can't be out there.
It's too fucking hot.
Yeah.
And they do,
they have to be out there.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
He's all happy.
This is,
this is ingrained in his DNA.
Oh,
100% is matress soft.
So he doesn't like,
he's like,
I want to bring it back to you fully intact so that you can't,
so that if you need this,
is that blood on his chest?
Uh,
yeah.
That's blood.
Yeah.
Well he brings things to you always.
Cause he's a retriever.
So like he has a little box of stuffed toys that he has in the house and he's
the only dog that I've ever had that doesn't mangle every toy you give them.
Cause I've had pit bulls and mastiffs and you give them a toy and they just,
they just start tearing her apart.
He just carries him around.
He carries around.
He brings to you.
So like when I see him in the morning,
I'm like,
good morning sir.
Good morning.
And he's wagging,
his tail is happy and the first thing he does is run over to his pilot toys,
grabs one and comes over with it.
Brings you a president.
Yeah,
he,
well he has it in his mouth.
He always,
he's a retriever.
Like if you see retrievers running,
a lot of times they're carrying their leash in their mouth as they're running.
They love to hold on to things in their mouth.
It's weird.
Does he dive in underwater?
Oh,
he fucking swims like a motherfucker.
Dude.
That dog is always in the water.
He just,
he will die from the deep end of the book.
Like if the kids are playing in the pool,
he and I'll let him out the door.
He runs to the pool,
stands on the edge and then leaps into the water splashes.
How loves it because he dive underwater though a little bit.
That's what we used to have a,
I used to have a black lab and you could throw one of those rings under water
and she to the bottom grab it and pull it up.
Oh,
he doesn't do that.
I guarantee you he will.
I bet he would if I taught them how to do it,
but he swims like it's instinctual.
Those fucking dogs.
My my bull mastiff,
I cannot get her in the pool.
Really?
She looks at me like,
like,
like you're trying to pitch anal sex to your wife.
She's like,
come on.
We both know how this is going to go.
No one's going to be happy.
Yeah.
Johnny Cash.
And people always ask me,
um,
to have pictures of my other dogs.
They're actually both passed away now.
I had to put them both down.
Both your bull mastiffs where there and stiff and the English,
the English bulldog,
she mixed.
They were,
uh,
they were both 13 in years old and um,
Johnny couldn't walk anymore.
It was,
it was a really rough,
the last few days of his life.
Um,
I would,
uh,
try to bring him in for dinner and when I would try to bring him in,
he literally couldn't make it.
It was a small yard where he was at,
but we're talking about like,
you know,
15 yards.
He couldn't make it 15 yards to the house.
He would like take a couple steps in.
His body would shake and he'd take a couple of steps and he was just sleeping
all day and he was also having a really hard time shifting and he would
occasionally shit in the house.
Like he couldn't hold his bowels and he couldn't go outside when he wanted to
look at,
you'd see them trying,
but his,
his body was so old from mastiff,
13 years old,
his crazy old,
like a lot of them die at like eight or nine and he was 13 and he was sweet,
sweet dog up until the end.
But he just,
he was,
you know,
he was suffering.
It was,
it was hard.
It's hard when you know them when they're a puppy and then 10 years later,
like you're kind of the same and they're not mad,
they're gone.
You know,
it's like,
I think about that with Marshall Cause he's only a year and a half and he's so
full of life and he's so fun.
He's so silly and playful and happy and Mike,
man,
there's going to be a day where Marshall's,
this old,
old,
old dog and I'm going to have to put him down to,
you know,
it was depressing.
And the other one,
Brutus does she boot,
you know,
English bulldog mix.
He was better than Johnny for a long time.
Still,
I've known for the last two years that they didn't have much time left.
You know,
they were,
they were both struggling hard,
but Brutus took a real hard turn over the last few months where,
um,
he wouldn't even come in.
Like I tried to get him to come in my car,
buddy,
you want to eat?
I try to put a little food in front of his face and he would try to stand up and
his legs would be shaking.
And
it's just so hard,
man.
It's so hard watching them fade away,
you know?
And,
and then also watching them suffer,
you know,
a lot of the last,
the last days where you have to decide where,
you know,
me and my had to have conversations like,
look,
we have to do something like this.
Like one day we're going to come home,
it's going to be a dead dog.
And it's not like they're having a good time.
Like this is a,
this is a horrible suffering.
Slow demise.
So did you have someone come to the house?
When did you take them?
Yeah,
it was rough,
dude.
That's rough.
Yeah.
Priscilla seven and I,
I mean I got her when I first started doing this.
Maybe she one 40.
That's a big dog.
He's had five knee surgeries.
Oh my God,
Dude.
Yeah.
That's fucking expensive too.
Oh yeah,
no,
I do have an idea.
Yeah.
I had a,
um,
a female pit bull that had two ACL reconstructions.
She had her,
both of her back legs done.
Yeah.
She blew one out.
I got it fixed.
She blew the other one out.
I had to get that fixed to a dog.
They shave the bone down.
They don't like reconstruct it where they add like a,
another ligament.
They shave the bone down so it doesn't,
so it like sits on the it differently so it locks in place so it doesn't pop off
and,
and go like at a,
at a socket or whatever the fuck it is.
But yeah,
that's fucking,
it's like 10 grand a pop.
Right.
Oh,
it was a w.
I mean,
I'm not going to tell everyone how much,
cause I would stop liking me in a minute.
They'd be like,
what kind of fucking Hollywood it or you'd argue you just kill the dog like
that.
But she got one ACL and then we fixed it.
Then the,
then while this one's healing,
it's turning good.
The other ACL goes out.
So we fixed that one.
We're like,
all right,
we're done.
And then as this one ceiling,
this one goes out again and they're like an aspen.
They're like,
do you want to put it down?
And I'm like,
no man,
I,
I'm fucking,
it was like five grand a pop I think.
And then,
and then it's,
it even adds up more because then they're like,
we should keep her here while this,
while she's healing to do it.
And then Peter diamonds.
Yeah.
And then they realize they're doing this one,
that something's wrong with her kneecap.
And then they realize she's got,
you know,
it's overbreeding in her and her breed that her kneecaps are about it.
So they fixed this one,
this one replaced both her kneecaps and then one more goes out and they're like,
all right,
but man,
she like hit that dog is duck greatest fucking dog.
Mastiffs are amazing.
There's some my favorite dogs ever.
They're so chill,
dude.
The sweetest,
like gets up in bed with you in the morning and just puts her face right up on
you and just does one of those big cal brass like,
and you're like,
oh,
I'm here.
They're so relaxed too.
They're just a different kind of dog.
Very relaxed,
you know,
and,
and I feel comfortable when I go on the road.
I feel comfortable knowing there's 140 pound animal that would give its life for
my daughters.
One of the,
one of our dog sleeps in one of our daughters beds.
One of our dog sleeps,
Priscilla sleeps in George's bed.
And I go,
I'm good.
No one's coming in anywhere.
No one's breaking in anything.
Yeah.